Hello and welcome to this Python tutorial.
All right so we have very exciting to soil's ahead of us.
We are going to start by creating the architecture of the neural network that is we will make the neural
network that will be at the heart of our AI and that will return the action to play at age 90.
So let's do this.
So since we want our neural network to be objective we're going to make it class.
And that's because it's much more convenient.
You know the class is the model of something we want to build.
We want to build a neural network and we need to make some kind of instructions which will all be contained
in the class.
And in this class we're going to make two functions.
First the init function which is the function that comes up all the time when making class.
And that basically defines the variable of your object that is the neural network.
You know the variables attached to the object as opposed to the global variables.
And so this is in this function that will define the architecture of the new network you know defining
the input layer which will be composed of five input neurons because we have five dimensions for the
encoded vector of input states.
Then we will define some hidden layers.
Maybe you will start with one hidden layer and then you will be welcome to try some other architectures
of the neural network.
And then of course we will end up with the output layer that will contain the possible actions that
we can play at each time.
So that's exactly what we'll do in this function.
And then we will make another function still inside the class which will be the forward function and
that will be the function that will activate the neurons in the neural network.
You know this will activate the signals and so we will use a rectified activation function because of
course we're dealing with a purely nonlinear problem and this rectified function breaks the linearity.
But mostly we're making this Ford function to return the q values which are the outputs of the network.
But we have one key value for each action.
And later on we'll be returning the final action by either taking the max of the key values or using
a soft Max method.
We will see that afterwards.
So in this tutorial we're going to start by implementing the init function and then the next one will
be implementing the forward function.
So let's do this.
First we need to introduce our class.
So we start with class and we give a name to our class which is where we can call it network.
And then in this network class I'm going to use an object programming technique which is called inheritance
and that is just to inherit from all the tools of a parent class.
So our network class that we're about to make is a child test of a larger class which is.
And that module.
So that's just to inherit from all the tools of this module class which of course the tools to implement
a neural network.
So that's a very powerful and evolution trick in object oriented programming that's going heritance.
And right now we are inheriting from this module parent class.
All right and now we're ready to go inside the class.
So I'm pressing enter twice actually because we'll be making two functions and we're starting with the
end function.
So the init function we have to name it this way with two on this course then in it.
And then again to underscores that's just Python syntax that is just how we have to do it.
And then we need to put the arguments.
So we have three arguments.
The first one is a compulsory argument that is actually self and Self.
There is no mystery about it that refers to the object that will be created from this class that we're
about to make.
You know we're making this class.
It's like some instruction some model of this neural network we want to build.
And then once the class is ready we can make as many with networks as we want.
And each of these new networks will be some object of this class and since we will be using the object
for some other purposes we need to but what are the variables of the object and to Spudis we're using
this self here to specify that we're referring to the object.
So whenever I want to use available from my object I will use self before the variable to specify that
this is a variable of the object.
All right so that's the first argument and then we have two other arguments which are of course the
number of input neurons and the number of output neurons.
So the number of input neurons we're going to call it input size and that's actually five because our
input vectors have five dimensions to three signals plus orientation plus minus orientation that are
vectors of encoded values that describe one state of the environment.
These five values are enough to describe a state of the environment.
We could have thought of Less values or more values but that's what I tried and it actually makes sense
because we actually need one signal from the left one in front of us and one at the right.
You know when we're driving a car we could have gone for a 360 signal you know like the signals at the
top of the Google cars that we can totally self-drive with three sensors and then we have this orientation
and minus orientation to you know keep track of the goal that you were trying to reach.
And then we have of course the output neurons of our network which correspond to the actions and we
have three possible actions going left going straight or going right.
And therefore I'm going to call it and the action and there will be three of them.
All right.
So far we only have to give names to the inputs and then we'll use these volleyballs to do the conditions
inside the neural network.
All right then and you start by using another by torch trick this trick is a superfunction that's a
function that actually inherits from the module.
So that's why we had to use inheritance to inherited the module too.
This is the first to use.
And so basically we're only using this super trick superfunction to be able to use the tools of module
that's much more efficient.
And inside the superfunction I just need to specify first the network.
So that's our network chul class you know because this is inheriting from the module parent class and
then our object.
And then I'm just adding that and are in a function like this exactly how we named it.
All right so that's just a trick that's just to use all the tools I have.
And in that module then we can move on to the next step which is to specify the input layer.
So basically what I have to do is introduce a new variable that will be attached to the object and this
variable will contain the number of input neurons.
So not to be confused with input size input size is the argument of the end function.
But that's not the variable that is attached to the object yet the variable that is attached to the
object.
Well as I just mentioned we need to specify that it is instead attached to the object so we use a self
taught and now we give a name to this first variable attached to the object.
And so we can simply give the same name as the input.
We can call it input size and we will say it is equal to the arguments a function that is input size.
All right.
Each time I'm creating an object from the network class and I'm specifying the input size like for example
I'm putting 5.
There will be of 5 here and therefore the input size variable of our object will have the value of 5
because this input size here will be 5 and therefore our new network will have 5 input neurons in the
input layer.
All right.
And then that's the same for the other variable that we want to attach to objects.
And as you might have guessed this is going to be a variable for the number of output neurons.
And to say we take our object self and then we give a name to this second variable of the object we
are going to call it and the action.
And this will be equal to this argument here given the number of actions that is the number of output
neurons.
And so we set it equal to the action actually and the action will be equal to three.
Therefore the variable and the action attached to our object to a network will get the value of three.
Actually we can see warning here it says undefined name.
And then well that's because here we use the.
And then shortcut.
And we need to use a shortcut here.
And for our torche start and in Mudgal and then it will disappear.
Here we go.
Perfect.
Right now we have new warnings all the warnings here are just to specify that what we import is not
yet used.
That's ok we will be using them afterwards.
All right then we have another two variables we want to define for object.
And this will be the full connections the full connections between the different layers of our neural
network.
So since right now we want to make a neural network composed of only one head in their world there will
be two full connections.
There will be one first full connection between the input layer and the hidden layer.
And one second full connection between the hill there and the output layer.
So let's start with the first full connection.
We're going to call it SE1 And again I use self here to specify that FC one is a variable of my object
to solve that.
FC one which will be equal to.
And now we use the N in module and we're going to use a function called linear R and that's exactly
to make this full connection between the neurons and the input layer to the neurons of the hidden there.
And what do I mean by full connection.
That means that all the neurons of the input layer will all be connected to all the neurons of the Here
in there.
And so to make this connection we use this linear function to which we need to put some arguments.
And as you can see these arguments are in features.
So that is the number of neurons of the first law you want to connect them out features that is the
number of neurons of the second layer you want to connect that is the layer at the right that is the
hidden layer and bicycle's true.
So bicycle's true we will keep the default value that's in order to have a bias and not only some weight
attached to the run we'll have to wait and one bias for each layer.
And so well let's see what we need to input.
So the first argument in features is the number of input neurons in the input layer.
And so where is it.
Well that's actually imprecise.
That's the argument of our init function which later we'll be able to fight the three signals orientation
and Mannus orientation.
So here we go.
When the first arguments and put size and then the second argument is out features that is that is the
number of neurons we want to have in the second layer.
The second layer that will be fully connected to the first layer.
And so now the question is how many neurons do we want in this hidden layer.
Well I did a lot of parameter training.
I did a lot of experimenting.
That's what we do or that's what we do in deeper.
In general we do a lot of experimenting to see what would be the best neural network for our specific
problem.
And so I try many values and I ended up choosing 30 30 runs in a hidden layer and you will see that
with this number we will get some pretty good results but then feel free to change the architecture
of the neural network.
Feel free to play with it.
You can not only change the number of neurons in the here and there but also you can add some more layers
so that maybe you get an even better car but 30 hinna neurons will get us a good neural network and
a good cause.
So that's what we go for.
And there we go.
We have our first full connection really with this linear function.
We make the connection between the input layer and the hidden leg.
And now time to make the second full connection that is the full connection between the hidden layer
and the output layer.
So there we go.
We're going to call this second full connection at C2.
There we go.
And still this is available for more objects using Saphir.
And then again we use.
Well actually we can copy this because we're going to use the N in module and then the linear function.
But then we need to change the arguments of course first.
That's the same first is the number of neurons we're going to have in the first layer of the connection.
So that's the hidden there.
And therefore that is 30 and then second argument is the number of neurons in the second layer of the
connection and that corresponds to the output layer and the output there has.
And the actual neurons which later will be three because we have three possible actions but so far we
have to use the names we defined.
That is the name of the argument of the init function and therefore we input here and the action and
there we go.
First of all our tuple connections re.
And second of all are any function Israel.
So that's what we'll initialize our object whenever we create an object from the network class.
And so as soon as we create an object well all these variables for variables here input size and reaction.
You an and two will be defined.
And that's how we'll get the architecture of our animal network for each object that we create.
Each object will correspond to a neural network of five input neurons 30 hidden neurons and three output
neurons.
So there we go.
We are done with this first function and now we can move on to the second function which is the forward
function and that will be used to activate the neurons in the neural network using the rectifier activation
function and mostly to eventually return to cube values which are the outputs of only one network.
So I can't wait to do this in the next tutorial and until then I.